Okay.
So we have to define a method called a new game.
It is required to create a new instance of the game.
So to do this, we reset the playing field and shuffle it and continue until the playing position is
resolvable.
So what we have to do, we will write Private Void after this and we will define our method.
I read void newline and this is the new bracket open.
And firstly take the do loop, do y loop.
So here we will reset the field.
Are you saying the freedom here, this will really set in the initial position?
No.
And another thing which we have to do is the shuffling also.
So here the shuffle matter.
After the switch we need.
What we need is we have to get out of this loop and here we will try while and under this we will create
the condition is not another matter by the name is solvable.
Now under this wild loop, what we will do, go there and start.
Okay.
So it will go with the solvable matter.
So it will make it until grit will be solved.
So make it until.
We solvable.
So what we will do here after this and after this fine loop over game over variable set to the false.
So firstly, I have to read this reboot.
Okay.
Firstly, we have to do the for you take here create a method.
So here I will do.
After this, we will start with the research method.
So here I will write private void reset.
Reset parentheses curly bracket open and here I will start with my condition.
Firstly, data for loop take int I set it to zero and after this take the I is less than two the tiles
length
increment the post increment of the I.
And what we will do, we will take the tiles with the variable, i.e. initialize the plus one and we
the reminder to the tile stored length and on what we will do after this follow.
We set blanks at the last so we need our blank position variable initialize to lat tiles dot length.
So okay.
So we need the minus one here.
Then this man said after this, what we will write.
Okay.
So this we said.
Blank cell at last.
Okay, so this is done.
Now we need to go with the shuffling method also.
So here I will start with the private void and shuffle bracket open.
And here we will start with we don't include a blank tile in the shuffle.
So leaving the solve position.
So what we will do, we will take an initialize to the NBA tiles.
Now take a line loop here and right while an is greater than one.
What do we have to do?
We will take it out and set it to the random.
Random.
Not next.
I mean the end minus minus and import this random.
Hmm.
Okay.
No.
We need the random one here.
Okay.
Random access?
No, only random.
Okay.
We have to include this no matter.
Eventually we will import this one and what we have to write here after this.
Okay.
So the random we have to do random.
So now we have to take another variable by the name in DMP and initialize to the times our position
here and now our position times array and initialize to the here is an n here now with the tiles and
initialize it to the DMP.
So this will be the shuffling method done.
Now we have we only need the half permutation of the puzzle which is solvable.
So whenever tile is preceded by a tile with higher value, it counts as an inversion.
So in our case, with the blank tile in the solid position, the number of inversions must be even for
the puzzle to be solvable.
So here I will do the one thing we will take a matter which we have created, which will have created
here.
This is a solvable.
So we need that matter is solvable.
So people here take the parenthesis, open bracket, and now under this we will create our variable
by volume can count.
Inversions started with zero.
Here we need.
Looking.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Okay.
So we need for loop first.
And what we will do, initialize it to zero and take our which is less than two and tiles and then I
plus plus I'm done.
And after this we need another four loop here which will take the integer, set it to the zero here
and the g will be less than with the I and the G with the post increment here curly bracket open.
And now we have to take the condition if tiles -- is greater than the tiles and it.
Okay.
So here, what we will do, we will increment the count in one variable plus plus.
So.
Okay, so this is done and we have to return our.
Okay, so we will.
Right.
Return count inversions and do the one thing to set it to zero here.
So this part is done.
We have the the half permutation of the puzzle or solvable.
So whenever the title is preceded by a title with a higher value as an inversion.
So in our case, with the blank file in the soil, we will position the number of inversions must be
even so here we have take the condition must be even for the puzzle to be solvable.
So what we need?
We need another method of this.
We need another method.
So we will write.
Private Boolean is solved and this is curly bracket open.
And so here I will write.
If files are time, don't length.
The minus one is not equal to zero here.
What we are doing if the tile is not in the solution.
So it will be called the not solved.
So what we will do, we will return the false.
Yeah, we will.
Yeah, we will return false here.
So I will write return false.
So this gun and what we have to do now, we will take another look for you.
Here I will write.
In time.
Started with the Beatles variable and then and Beatles minus one.
So here I is, greater or equal to zero and I minus my I am minus minus, not increment decrement.
Here we will check with condition times with I is not is equal to I plus one.
And under this we have to return.
False.
This is not and return true.
Oh, here we have.
The blank tile is not in the solid position.
So now we have to know.
So we have created this method, a new game here.
And it is required to create a new instance of the game.
So we take the reset matter, the playing field and shuffle it, and then continue until the playing
creation is resolved.
Here we have defined all that logic.